here we have a property in West
Philadelphia this is a three-bedroom
completely rehab high end we have where
on the porch area this home has been
completely renovated new wood floors
recessed lighting central air central
heat this is a three bedroom one and a
half bath off also has a bathroom
downstairs kitchen has real granite
countertops stainless steel appliance
ceramic tiles on the floors
property does have a full basements not
finished but it is a nice size of these
right exactly take a quick peek it's
hard to see with it's not that much
lighting but it is a very large basement
property does have a backyard as well
fenced in yard
let's head on upstairs
there's a 3-bedroom home nice-size three
bedrooms we are willing to do a rent to
own or lease purchase scenario with this
property which means that the person we
place in here we do eventually plan on
getting them financing so that they'll
own it and not just be a tenant on the
monthly basis my size master room with
his and her closets ceiling fans
throughout the property
you know the bedroom and this is
probably the smallest bedroom of the
house and it's it's it's a nice size for
the smallest bedroom nice walk-in closet
very spacious closet hid into the
bathroom completely rehab tile on the
floor tile going up the wall
and we have the last bedroom which also
has a walk-in closet as well ceiling fan
so if you are interested in this
property give us a call two six seven
four one six two zero three eight eight
again two six seven four one six zero
three eight eight thank you